>> Martha: SHOWDOWN IN TEXAS
WHERE MORE THAN $100 MILLION
HAVE POURED INTO THAT STATES
RACE.
IT'S THE MOST EXPENSIVE SENATE
RACE IN HISTORY.
A RECORD 4.8 MILLION VOTERS HAVE
ALREADY CAST THEIR BALLOTS.
INCUMBENT SENATOR TED CRUZ WHO
WAS HERE LIVE IN A MOMENT IS
FIGHTING TO HOLD OFF DEMOCRATIC
CHALLENGER BETO O'ROURKE WHO WAS
OUT WITH THIS NEW CAMPAIGN AD
CLAIMING HE KNOWS TEXAS BEST.
>> THERE IS SOMETHING SPECIAL
HAPPENING IN TEXAS RIGHT NOW IN
REALLY SMALL TOWNS IN REALLY BIG
CITIES, PEOPLE ARE GETTING OFF
THE SIDELINES AND INTO THE GAME.
TAKE COURAGE, STRENGTH, BIG
HEART THAT CAN ONLY COME FROM
TEXAS.
♪ ♪
>> Martha: THAT I THINK I'M A
PRETTY WELL, SUMS UP THE TOWN OF
BETO O'ROURKE'S CAMPAIGN AND THE
MESSAGE HE'S PUTTING OUT THERE.
JOINING ME NOW IS REPUBLICAN
SENATOR TED CRUZ UP FOR
REELECTION IN THE
LONE STAR STATE.
GOOD TO HAVE YOU WITH US
TONIGHT.
GOOD EVENING.
>> MARTHA, GREAT TO BE WITH YOU.
THANK YOU.
>> Martha: LET'S TAKE A LOOK
AT THE RCP AVERAGE WHICH IS AN
AMALGAM OF SOME RECENT POLLS,
AND IT SHOWS YOU AT 51%, BETO
O'ROURKE AT 45%.
IF YOU LISTEN TO YOUR OPPOSING
CANDIDATE, HE SAYS THAT THERE IS
SOMETHING HAPPENING OUT THERE IN
TEXAS, THAT SOMETHING GRASSROOTS
GENERATED IS GOING TO MAKE THAT
NUMBER A MIRROR IMAGE OF ITSELF
COME TOMORROW.
ARE YOU CONCERNED ABOUT THAT?
>> LISTEN, YOU'RE RIGHT.
THERE IS SOMETHING HAPPENING IN
TEXAS THAT AS AN EXAMPLE OF THE
SLICK HOLLYWOOD MONEY FLOORING
IN THE STATE OF TEXAS, TENS OF
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS?
IF YOU GIVE ME A CHOICE BETWEEN
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS FROM
HOLLYWOOD LIBERALS OR STANDING
WITH THE MEN AND WOMEN OF
TEXAS --
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
I'VE GOT TO SAY, I'M ENCOURAGED.
I'M ENCOURAGED BY THE MOMENTUM,
MOMENTUM IS WITH US.
WE'VE SEEN THAT BECAUSE THE LAST
FEW WEEKS, THE O'ROURKE CAMPAIGN
HAS GONE NEGATIVE.
LETTING ATTACK ADS ON THE AIR
BECAUSE THE PEOPLE OF TEXAS CAN
THE VALUES OF TEXAS, WE BELIEVE
IN LOW TAXES, LOW REGULATIONS,
LOTS AND LOTS OF JOBS.
WE WANT TO SECURE THE BORDER AND
WANT TO DEFEND THE CONSTITUTION
AND BILL OF RIGHTS.
THAT'S BEEN MY RECORD IN THE
SENATE AND THAT'S WHY I FEEL
GOOD GOING INTO ELECTION DAY
TOMORROW.
[CHEERS AND APPLAUSE]
>> Martha: JOHN BRENNAN IS
PICKING UP FROM A FORMER CIA
DIRECTOR.
HE SAYS IN THIS ELECTION, THOSE
WHO STAND WITH TRUMP MUST BE
DEFEATED.
THERE WAS A TIME WHERE YOU DID
NOT STAND WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
IN FACT, YOU DID NOT ENDORSE HIM
IN THE LAST PRESIDENTIAL
ELECTION.
IF YOU WIN THEM WOULD YOU
ENDORSE PRESIDENT TRUMP TO STAND
ON THE RNC STAGE AND ENDORSE ON
THE NEXT TIME AROUND?
>> MARTHA, I'VE ALREADY ENDORSE
PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THE
PRESIDENT CAME TO TEXAS THERE WE
HAD HUNDRED 50,000 PEOPLE TO
SIGN UP TO DO THE RALLY.
IT'S INTERESTING YOU BROUGHT UP
JOHN BRENNAN.
THE HEAD OF CIA UNDER
BARACK OBAMA.
IF YOU LOOK AT FOREIGN POLICY,
WE SAW EIGHT YEARS OF OUR
FRIENDS AND ALLIES NOT TRUSTING
US AND OUR ENEMIES GETTING
STRONGER AND NOT FEARING US.
IT'S THAT KIND OF WEAKNESS ON
THE FOREIGN POLICY STAGE?
TEXANS DON'T WANT THAT.
TEXANS ARE GLAD THAT TODAY ARE
EMBASSY IN ISRAEL IS NOW IN
JERUSALEM.
WE HAVE UTTERLY DEFEATED ISIS.
TEXANS ARE LAD THE PRESIDENT HAD
THE COURAGE TO PULL OUT OF THE
DISASTERS OF ANY NUCLEAR DEAL.
BETO O'ROURKE, LIKE
BARACK OBAMA, SUPPORTED GIVING
BILLIONS OF DOLLARS TO THE
AYATOLLAH COMPANY WHO CHANTS
"DEATH TO AMERICA."
IT IS THE VALUE OF THE EXTREME
LEFT WING WHO WANTS TO TAKE ON
AND STOP ALL THE GOOD PROGRESS
WE'VE SEEN THE LAST TWO YEARS.
WITH JOBS, WITH SECURITY, WITH
FREEDOM.
>> Martha: THE PRESIDENT HAS
MADE THE CARAVAN A BIG ISSUE OF
LATE AND WE'VE TALKED A LOT
ABOUT THE PROGRESSION, BUT IT'S
BEEN AN ISSUE IN THIS CAMPAIGN.
THERE ARE SOME EVANGELICAL
VOTERS IN TEXAS WHO HAVE BEEN
SPEAKING UP TO SAY THEY WANT A
MORE COMPASSIONATE PERSPECTIVE
GIVEN TO THOSE MEMBERS OF THE
CARAVAN AND THAT SOME OF THEM
ARE CROSSING OVER FROM
REPUBLICAN TO DEMOCRAT.
WHAT'S YOUR RESPONSE -- YOU ARE
LAUGHING.
WHAT'S FUNNY?
>> MARTHA, YOU ARE TOO SMART TO
FALL FOR THAT.
THAT SILLY MEDIA SPIN.
YES, "THE NEW YORK TIMES" FOUND
THREE EVANGELICAL SUPPORTING
BETO O'ROURKE AND MADE A STORY
OUT OF THAT.
LOOK, THEY KNOW O'ROURKE IS
RUNNING A HARD LEFT LIBERAL
CAMPAIGN TO THE LEFT OF
ELIZABETH WARREN, TO THE LEFT OF
BERNIE STANDARDS ARE THE ONLY
DEMOCRATIC SENATE NOMINEE TO CAO
DEMOCRATIC SENATE NOMINEE TO CAR
IMPEACHING PRESIDENT TRUMP.
FOR YOU TO SAY --
>> Martha: LET ME ASK YOU
THIS, DO YOU -- YOU GOT A WHOLE
BACKUP SESSION FOR YOU.
LET ME ASK YOU THIS.
IF YOU WERE JUST GOING TO HELP
HIM WITH HIS CAMPAIGN -- DO YOU
THINK HE RAN TOO FAR LEFT AND
TEXAS, DO YOU THINK IF HE RAN
MORE LIKE JOE DONNELLY FOR
EXAMPLE.
, HE'D BE A TOUGHER
CANDIDATE FOR YOU TO BE?
>> LISTEN, THAT'S WHO HE IS.
HE'S A FAR LEFT LIBERAL.
IF YOU LOOK ON IMMIGRATION, HE
SUPPORTS OPEN BORDERS.
HE SUPPORTS SANCTUARY CITIES, HE
OPPOSES CASE LAW.
I'M THE AUTHOR OF CASE LAW IN
THE U.S.
LET ME TELL YOU -- WE WANT THE
BORDER SECURED.
THERE'S A RIGHT WAY TO COME TO
THIS COUNTRY, THAT'S LEGALLY.
YOU WAIT IN LINE, FOLLOW THE
RULES.
THE WAY MY DAD CAME IN THE
COUNTRY 1957 FROM CUBA.
TEXANS DO NOT WANT AN OPEN
BORDER LIBERAL REPRESENTING THE
STATE OF TEXAS.
ON EVERY ISSUE, IT BETO O'ROURKE
HAS A DIVISION          DECISIOI
HAS A DIVISION          DECISIOG
HAS A DIVISION          DECISIOW
HAS A DIVISION          DECISIOT
HAS A DIVISION          DECISIOH
HAS A DIVISION          DECISIOS
LIBERAL DONORS, HOLLYWOOD DONORS
NATIONALLY, SIDING WITH THE
PEOPLE OF TEXAS, HE ALWAYS,
ALWAYS, ALWAYS SIDES WITH THE
FAR LEFT -- LET ME GIVE YOU AN
EXAMPLE.
TEXAS, MILLIONS OF JOBS THAT THE
BAN ON ENERGY, OIL AND GAS.
WE ARE IN HOUSTON, THE -- HE
VOTED IN A $10 PER BARREL TAX ON
EVERY BOIL OF
ON MY COIL
BARREL -- LET ME TELL YOU WHY WE
ARE GOING TO WIN TOMORROW, THE
PEOPLE OF TEXAS SEE THE BOOMING
ECONOMY, WE'VE CUT TAXES, CUT
REGULATION.
THE LOWEST UNEMPLOYMENT IN 49
YEARS.
LOWEST AFRICAN-AMERICAN AND
HISPANIC UNEMPLOYMENT EVER
RECORDED.
WHAT WE ARE DOING WORKS.
>> Martha: BEFORE I GO, IF ALL
THOSE THINGS ARE TRUE AND HE'S
STILL NOT WHAT TEXAS WANTS, WHAT
I'M HEARING FROM YOU, WHY IS IT
SO CLOSE?
>> I DON'T THINK IT'S THAT
CLOSE.
WHAT I DO THINK IS HAPPENING, WE
ARE SEEING THIS NATIONALLY, THE
EXTREME LEFT IS ANGRY.
THEY ARE FILLED WITH RAGE,
FILLED WITH HATRED FOR THE
PRESIDENT.
THAT MEANS THEY ARE SHOWING UP
IN MASSIVE NUMBERS.
I WANT TO SPEAK TO EVERY TEXAN
WATCHING THE SHOW: IF YOU WANT
LOW TAXES, YOU WANT TO SECURE
THE BORDER, DEFEND THE
COMPETITION?
SHOW UP, BRING YOUR FRIENDS,
BRING YOUR FAMILY, BRING
EVERYBODY.
THE HARD LEFT IS COMING.
AS TEXANS, WE'VE GOT TO STAND UP
COMMON SENSE VALUES.
WE ARE SEEING A COALITION, 49TH
ONE WE'VE DONE IN NINE WEEKS?
WE HAVE DEMOCRATS AND
CONSERVATIVE DEMOCRATS, MODERATE
DEMOCRATS, INDEPENDENCE,
LIBERTARIANS JOINING US IN A
COMMON SENSE COALITION THAT
STANDS FOR TEXAS COMMIT STANDS
FOR JOBS, FREEDOM, SECURITY FOR
THAT'S WHAT WE LIVE DON'T LIKE
BELIEVING.